index.md, before:

## View My Resume

1. View my full chonological resume which contains quite a bit of detail on my experience. [Download](https://github.com/larryruh/jobsearch/blob/master/LarryRuhMgmtResume2019.docx?raw=true)
2. View my functional resume which spells out my current app dev skills and outlines my job experience. [Download](https://github.com/larryruh/jobsearch/blob/master/LarryRuhResume2019.docx?raw=true)

## Jobsearch! side project



Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your test Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/larryruh/larryruh.github.io/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://help.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

Commit message:

updated with My information for now

index.md, after:

## View My Resume

1. View my full chonological resume which contains detailed job experience. [Download](https://github.com/larryruh/jobsearch/blob/master/LarryRuhMgmtResume2019.docx?raw=true)
2. View my functional resume which spells out my current app dev skills and summarizes job experience. [Download](https://github.com/larryruh/jobsearch/blob/master/LarryRuhResume2019.docx?raw=true)

## Jobsearch! side project

Jobsearch! is a project I worked on while I was laid off to get my technical skills back in shape. It outlines all aspects of an agile project as I have experience in almost every role on an agile team, I wanted to demonstrate my hands on knowledge of all areas from stakeholder to core team roles to implementation manager. 

1. I have fully documented the project and you can [download and read about it here] (https://github.com/larryruh/jobsearch/blob/master/ReadMe.docx?raw=true)
2. You can view the source code and even fork or clone and implement it [here] (https://github.com/larryruh/jobsearch/)
3. Unfortunately the system is not available online as I dont have a public site, it runs only on my localhost. 

## Contact Me

**Larry Ruh**<br/> 
*(402)212-5735*<br/> 
*larry@ljruh.com*<br/>
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/larry-ruh] https://www.linkedin.com/in/larry-ruh<br/>
[https://github.com/larryruh] https://github.com/larryruh<br/>
